{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18260\viewh13840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Swancon 32 committee meeting\
07/04/2005\
\
Agenda\
- Natcon\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 - Fundraising, who, what, when, how etc\
- Progress reports from committee (if anything has been done)\
- More permanent meeting time, frequency etc\
- Responsibilities of volunteers\
- Come up with a timeline of when things need to be done by\
- Thematic Issues\
- General Business (WASFF meeting)\
\
Present: Coman, April, Erika, Froggie, Thatcher, Adam, James, Sarah, Stephanie\
Absent: Paul, Tommo.\
\
Meeting opens 19:19.\
\
Natcon:\
\
People want us to bid for the Natcon (more than just us)\
PROS:\
about 30 more people will come (who wouldn't come to Swancon)\
guarantee Easter -- would much rather have it at Easter than Labour Day\
CONS:\
8 hours extra programming in terms of business meetings and awards ceremony therefore a bit more work - WASFF AGM would need to be prior to the Natcon meeting (ie Saturday morning) so Natcon meeting could be Sunday.\
\
must decide about Natcon by June 10. If we go for Natcon but don't get it, it puts Easter in doubt.\
There is no conflicting bid thus far.\
6 - 9 April 2007 is Easter\
Dave Cake volunteered to run the business meeting\
could approach Gina for MCing DITMAR\
Thylacon is June 10 - 14 2004\
Sarah intends to go to Thylacon if we intend to put a bid in. Maybe Coman too.\
Dave Cake will probably be going.\
Coman suggests we get a bus, paint it, and drive across the country and take a ferry. Not sure if he's kidding.\
\
So, unanimous we'll go for Natcon.\
\
Things to do:\
announce that we're going for Natcon.\
fill in bids.\
sec has to download forms from thylacon.com\
need a subcommittee: Sarah volunteers. Erika will wrangle rest of sub-committee together.\
\
\
Fundraising:\
\
We cannot start fundraising that will take away from 2006.\
Coman will chair fundraising sub-committee and begin relevant wrangling and getting of bitches.\
April must be on committee.\
\
\
PR -N:\
\
Provide contact details to WASFF.\
Emailed Jay Watson saying, "yeah, whatever"\
Convened committee meeting.\
\
\
Meeting Time:\
Meeting time is 15:00 Sundays.\
Next meeting is Sunday First of May at Boronia.\
This meeting is open, but some parts will be in camera.\
\
\
Responsibilities of volunteers:\
\
We need to work out what we need to do, and then try and get people to volunteer, and make sub committees. Not so important right this second, but general volunteers are always nice to have on hand. If you are reading these minutes, please feel free to VOLUNTEER.\
\
\
Timeline of things that need to be done:\
\
Bid for Natcon worked out by June First.\
Schedule Swancon shortly after.\
December 31st we'd like a bucket of ideas. \
Venue and major guests by January 31st.\
A week before Swancon:\
PR 0 needs to be finished (and include a list of possible panel ideas)\
Launch project needs to be completed\
\
Other stuff plus budget, we need to talk to WASFF about.\
\
In these big gaps where nothing is done, we can do brainstorming things.\
\
We'd like to release v1 of the program several months in advance.\
Adam volunteers to do something web-based and cool ideas and such.\
\
\
Thematic Issues:\
\
The Inconceivable idea has some issues.\
Inconceivable brings to mind things that are inconceivable. \
We could hold some panels on: conspiracy stuff; paranormal stuff; the horror aspect; the spiritual and the occult; theological - because to a lot of us, that's pretty inconceivable .\
Princess Bride \
Erika has titled the Academic Stream: Conceive the Inconceivable: pushing back the boundaries of understanding.\
\
*Sarah leaves*\
\
Art Show:\
\
Someone volunteered to run it. Was it Sarah? Someone suggests Tina.\
We need an art show committee and chair. But we don't need one right now, we will discuss at next meeting.\
\
\
General Business:\
\
WASFF meeting is Sunday 1pm Rohan's house. April and Froggie are going.\
Other WASFF-y things: April will at some point be going to a magical treasurer meeting, which will be run by Firebird. April will find out when we need to submit budgets. \
WASFF is getting lots of things to fill in.\
Some question about turning over receipt books and the audit, but the answer is unknown.\
\
We have an lj comm: livejournal.com/community/incon where I will be posting the minutes, and we will put announcements like our decision to bid for Natcon. It is an alternative to the mailing list.\
\
}