<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
<title>minutesforwasff: Minutes - 20050212Open: 15:20Present: PR</title>
</head>


<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050212
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 15:20
  <br>
  <br>
Present: PRK, Tori, Steveg, Elaine, SDedman, Ghoti
  <br>
Apologies: Tiki 
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
o Reply from Bunnings - no to conbags.
  <br>
  <br>
o Family Planning - 100 condoms.
  <br>
  <br>
o Lot of enquiries re short story competition.
  <br>
  <br>
o Emails about program - suggestions / joining / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
o Memberships some from Tactics, couple in the mail.
  <br>
  <br>
o Fliers were printed.
  <br>
  <br>
o Second hotel walkthrough happened, bookings sorted, etc.
  <br>
  <br>
o Web page updated re accomodation.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action - SDedman Fliers to Supernova.
  <br>
  <br>
Action - SDedman to collect condoms.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
o WASFF responded that the BPAY information was given to Steveg months
  <br>
ago.
  <br>
  <br>
o Steveg pointed out that WASFF needed to give directions to bank.
  <br>
  <br>
o Rohan in contact with Steveg re BPAY and EFTPOS.
  <br>
  <br>
o Book audit will be going ahead, single weekend only.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg continue correspondence with Rohan.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to arrange time for audit.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to send minutes to WASFF.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
o Program has been sent to Charles de Lint
  <br>
  <br>
o Programming meeting Feb 13th.
  <br>
  <br>
o Once updated, draft program to be put up on the website / PR.
  <br>
  <br>
o Launch for 31 changed to Sunday.
  <br>
  <br>
o Gaming program almost beginning to coagulate.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sound gear needs to be organised for speakers, masquerade, etc.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to put out draft program after Feb 14th.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR2:
  <br>
  <br>
o PR2 mailed out to those who required it.
  <br>
  <br>
o Updated emails sent to Steveg.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR3:
  <br>
  <br>
o Contents - Tin Ducks, Program. Gaming request for GMs. Pizza info.
  <br>
  Dinner with Charles de Lint
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Draft PR3 emailed to the list on 15th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to PDF it.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Final PR3 emailed to prk by Friday.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK to print a couple of copies by Saturday.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Tori / PRK to follow up with Sarah re dinner details for PR.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Nothing from Lily. Assume she's not available any more.
  <br>
  <br>
o Going with the sand blasted plaques. Should come in under budget.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to ask Brian to come up with a duck outline.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SteveG to come up with some artwork to send to list, based on
  <br>
duck.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to pass artwork to Gary.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to email Lily and let her know we're using someone else.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine and Steveg to get parchment paper for Tin Duck
  <br>
certificates.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
o Written to Adult Shop for sponsorship.
  <br>
  <br>
o Letters going in and out as part of correspondance.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Posters / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
o Badge design approved.
  <br>
  <br>
o Will print as many as possible beforehand. Will have printer at
  <br>
  reception for door signups.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Tori to mock up poster and get Brian's approval, if it uses his
  <br>
  	artwork.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to notify Brian of chosen design.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
o Memberships collected from Tactics.
  <br>
  <br>
o Currently sitting at 165.
  <br>
  <br>
o Still selling Memberships at Tactics.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to follow up with UNISFA re their receipt books.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK to update website to 35 memberships remaining to withdrawn.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to put membership counter / breakdown.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurers Report:
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
o WASFF will most likely provide a cheque for $5000 which went into
  <br>
  wrong account.
  <br>
  <br>
o Swancon 29 doesn't have the $1300 they collected from memberships.
  <br>
  We'll take it out of the seed money we owe back to WASFF.
  <br>
  <br>
o $2500 in account.
  <br>
  <br>
o Tactics owes $1700 which will be available late February.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sarah still owed money due to her overpaying us.
  <br>
  <br>
o If Steveg unable to attend Swancon, Maureen will handle money at the
  <br>
  con.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to sort out with Sarah.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
o Cheques from wine banked.
  <br>
  <br>
o Nothing else new.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 16:30
  <br>
  <br>
Next Meeting:
  <br>
  <br>
3pm, 19th Feb at 165 Gibbs St, East Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
</body></html>

