<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
<title>minutesforwasff: Minutes - 20050307Open: 15:10Present: PR</title>
</head>


<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050307
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 15:10
  <br>
  <br>
Present: PRK, Tori, SDedman, Ghoti, Alistair, Steveg
  <br>
Apologies: Tiki, Elaine, Cathy
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
o Mad Man video - sending fliers for con bags. 
  <br>
  <br>
o Short story competition entries.
  <br>
  <br>
o Ongoing liasal with Charles de Lint re guitars.
  <br>
  <br>
o Lee Battersby - bag stuffing in exchange for fliers in bags.
  <br>
  <br>
o Conversation with Grant Stone - publicising con.
  <br>
  <br>
o Invited Juliette Marillier to the con.
  <br>
  <br>
o Program updates gone out to everyone on the program.
  <br>
  <br>
o Fliers have been dropped off at Supernova.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Haven't received cheque for money yet.
  <br>
  <br>
o Audit tentatively booked for next weekend.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Steveg continue correspondence with Rohan - ongoing.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Program starting to become fairly static.
  <br>
  <br>
o Pocket program - 4 pages.
  <br>
  <br>
o Not expecting new suggestions to make it onto the program at this
  <br>
  stage.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR4:
  <br>
  <br>
o Tin Duck ballot needs to go in PR4.
  <br>
  <br>
o Waiting until about March 12th (after Tin Duck nominations).
  <br>
  <br>
o SDedman to collate / produce PR4 - Tin Ducks / Final Program.
  <br>
  <br>
o $20 for A5 advertisment if professional, free if fan.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Artwork forwarded to list.
  <br>
  <br>
o Steveg forwarded art to Gary.
  <br>
  <br>
o Steveg has three nominations.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to follow up with Gary re art.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Tori to simplify artwork to B&amp;W and email list.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to foward details to Steveg where to send nominations.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to check out Officeworks / Jacksons for certificate
  <br>
	   parchments.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: prk to update website with Tin Duck info and link to email
  <br>
	   swancon30@westnet.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
o Bags still not arrived. 
  <br>
  <br>
o Waiting on Mad Man fliers &amp; Jesters stuff.
  <br>
  <br>
o Get in touch with non swancon branches of swancon - Mars / JAFWA /
  <br>
  etc.
  <br>
  <br>
o Need bags by Monday before con.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to give JAFWA contact details to SDedman.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to ask Grant for details.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to get UNISFA details.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Program Book:
  <br>
  <br>
o 2 page blurb on Charles de Lint.
  <br>
  <br>
o page each for rest of guests.
  <br>
  <br>
o Simono short story.
  <br>
  <br>
o Detailed list of program items.
  <br>
  <br>
o Anything else.
  <br>
  <br>
o $50 for A5 advertisement.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Posters / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
o Posters photocopied and distributed.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
o Updated spreadsheet of members - currently 183 members on list.
  <br>
  <br>
o Also 7 at UNISFA, 5 at Tactics. 
  <br>
  <br>
o Close books on the 18th of March, no more external membership sales
  <br>
  after that.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Steveg to put membership counter / breakdown.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to email NZ folk a letter stating $75 membership at
  <br>
	   the door.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: prk to update website again.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Dinner with Charles de Lint:
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: prk to update website - dinner moved to Tuesday. Email list
  <br>
as well.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to email Sarah and find out how many people are coming.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurer's Report:
  <br>
  <br>
o Accounts are up to date.
  <br>
  <br>
o $12,000 in credit of which $2,500 is in the bank.
  <br>
  <br>
o Rest is in the form of cheques due from Tactics and WASFF.
  <br>
  <br>
o Have about $5,000 of essential expenses - GoH + Hotel facilities.
  <br>
  <br>
o $4,000 budgeted for video projectors at hotel rates.
  <br>
  <br>
o Not quite on track to cover full budget - but nor are we so under
  <br>
  budget it will affect the con.
  <br>
  <br>
o Expecting more membership sales anyway to make the budget.
  <br>
  <br>
o We'll at least break even, just depends how frugal we have to be.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Equipment List:
  <br>
  <br>
o Projectors
  <br>
  <br>
o Computers
  <br>
  <br>
o A/V gear
  <br>
  <br>
o VCR
  <br>
  <br>
o Video Camera
  <br>
  <br>
o Guitar
  <br>
  <br>
o Whiteboards &amp; Markers / Erasers.
  <br>
  <br>
o Easels
  <br>
  <br>
o Concert stuff.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK to manage equipment list.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
o No update.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Masquerade:
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: SDedman to follow up wiht Mike O'Brien re sound setup /
  <br>
DJing.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Day Managers / Gophers:
  <br>
  <br>
o Need to hit up people for Day Managers.
  <br>
  <br>
o Swancon 31 day managing Monday.
  <br>
  <br>
o Ju managing Thursday.
  <br>
  <br>
o Ghoti managing Friday.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sat / Sun day managers.
  <br>
  <br>
SDedman to start asking specific people.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
First Aid:
  <br>
  <br>
o SDedman and Elaine have purchased phones for themselves with own
  <br>
  money.
  <br>
  <br>
o Purchased $30 of calls with Swancon Money for the purpose of the con.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to compile list of phone numbers for everyone.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Video Equipment:
  <br>
  <br>
o Need to get a few whiteboards.
  <br>
  <br>
o Damien McGee requires video presenter.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Cathy emailing academic presenters for equipment list.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Need to arrange a couple of whiteboards &amp; easels / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to speak with Ken re projector availability.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Art Show:
  <br>
  <br>
o Booked 17 panels for art show.
  <br>
  <br>
o Supplier will set panels up for us.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Hotel Liason:
  <br>
  <br>
o Storage for Panels / martial arts gear.
  <br>
  <br>
o Broadband availability.
  <br>
  <br>
o Footware policy.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Short Story Competition:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Email Cath Ortlieb re prize money for competition.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
EFTPOS:
  <br>
  <br>
o Talking with Bankwest Merchant Services re EFTPOS.
  <br>
  <br>
o Need to send fax in, with delivery address. 
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to send Steveg fax number.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
T-Shirts:
  <br>
  <br>
o T-Shirt atwork sent to Elaine.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: SteveG to put order in for shirts.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 16:50
  <br>
  <br>
Next Meeting:
  <br>
  <br>
3pm, 12th March at 165 Gibbs St, East Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
</body></html>

