<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"><title>minutesforwasff: Swancon XXX Committee MeetingOctober 24t</title>
  
</head>


<body>


<div style="margin-left: 30px;">
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Swancon XXX Committee Meeting
  <br>
  <br>
October 24th 2004.
  <br>
Bell’s Café.
  <br>
  <br>
Present: Ghoti, Sue, Elaine, SteveG, SD, Calli, Tori, PRK, Cheshire.
  <br>
Apologies: Tiki, Craig G.
  <br>
  <br>
Meeting Opened 14:02
  <br>
  <br>
Membership rate rise, how much and when?
  <br>
  <br>
*  Four day table does not include con membership.
  <br>
*  Single day door price required before January.
  <br>
* Price rise to $110 dollars per membership from now. Door price setdepending on budget requirements / remaining memberships closer to thecon.
  <br>
*  7 NZ members. No easy way of paying. Issue letter saying they have to pay at door, price as agreed.
  <br>
Receipt books and reliable head-count of members.
  <br>
  <br>
*  Rough count – 138 memberships sold so far.
  <br>
*  Pink slips from receipt book need to go to SteveG then to Sue.
  <br>
*  Receipt books currently with UNISFA, Tactics, JAFWA, Calli, SteveG and Sue. 
  <br>
*  Withdraw books when 200 memberships sold.
  <br>
  <br>
BPAY – is it happening?
  <br>
*  BPAY waiting on WASFF to authorise with BankWest.
  <br>
  <br>
Alternative arrangements for interstate members? Swancon account?
  <br>
  <br>
*  BPAY to be made available for interstate members.
  <br>
*  Calli’s account available for money transfers until BPAY available.
  <br>
*  Cheque payments available for interstate members.
  <br>
*  Checks to be made out to “Swancon 2005”.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Problems cause by treasurer being immobilized and sometimes incommunicado.
  <br>
  <br>
*  Contact SteveG via Email.
  <br>
*  Follow up with phone calls if required.
  <br>
  <br>
Video room facilities – details to go to Craig G.
  <br>
  <br>
*  No arrangements have been made for Video Room yet.
  <br>
*  One projector organised with hotel.
  <br>
*  Ken offered to organise more projectors if required.
  <br>
*  Possible hiring of gear from FTI.
  <br>
  <br>
Regular meeting time and place to be decided.
  <br>
  <br>
*  Sunday November 28th at 2pm. Ghoti’s house. 111b Armadale Rd, Rivervale.
  <br>
  <br>
Next PR? – Are we planning on having one?
  <br>
*  Yes, we’re planning on having PR.
  <br>
*  Needs to be out by second week of December.
  <br>
*  Articles delegated to different people, Ghoti as editor.
  <br>
  <br>
Webpage? – even just a counter to let people know how many memberships have been sold.
  <br>
*  Counter to be put on website as to how many memberships are remaining.
  <br>
*  Website is a little flakey. Needs to be looked at.
  <br>
*  Anything to go on the webpage sent to SteveG separately, not sent to Triplex list.
  <br>
  <br>
Gaming?
  <br>
  <br>
*  Gaming Space – Two rooms with bars. Empty until 5pm. Available for LARPing.
  <br>
*  Gaming Suite with four gaming tables. Kitchen &amp; Bathroom.
  <br>
*  Overflow in middle of rooms.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
 Actions: 
  <br>
  <br>
*  SD to contact UNISFA and find out how many memberships they’ve sold and notify them of price increase.
  <br>
*  Sue to contact Tactics and find out how many memberships they’ve sold and notify them of price increase.
  <br>
*  SteveG to contact JAFWA and find out how many memberships they’ve sold and notify them of price increase.
  <br>
*  Sue to issue NZ members with a letter containing their name and agreed membership price to pay at the door.
  <br>
*  PRK to make available htaccess protected site for people to update memberships.
  <br>
*  Tori to talk with SteveG about webpage updates.
  <br>
*  Elaine to follow up BPAY with WASFF.
  <br>
*  Meeting to be held at Ghoti’s house.
  <br>
*  PRK to check DNS for swancon.com domain.
  <br>
*  Calli to find out master mailing list for PR sending.
  <br>
*  Tiki and Elaine to do art show blurb for PR and website.
  <br>
*  PRK &amp; Tori to do gaming show blurb for PR and website.
  <br>
*  Calli to do fundraising blurb for PR and website.
  <br>
*  SD to do Convener’s update for PR and website.
  <br>
*  Calli to organise wedding update for PR and Website.
  <br>
*  SteveG to submit membership count for PR.
  <br>
*  Elaine to submit email addresses to PRK to be included on triplex list.
  <br>
*  Ghoti to be editor for PR.
  <br>
*  All articles for PR to be submitted to Ghoti by end of November.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Meeting Closed 14:52.
  <br>
  <br>
</div>

</body></html>
