<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
<title>minutesforwasff: Minutes - 20050312Open: 15:20Present: pr</title>
</head>


<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050312
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 15:20
  <br>
  <br>
Present: prk, Tori, SDedman, Ghoti, Steveg, Elaine
  <br>
Apologies: Tiki, Cathy, Alistair, Craig
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
o Vouchers from Jesters.
  <br>
  <br>
o Last of short stories.
  <br>
  <br>
o Ongoing correspondence with Pan McMillan re Cecilia attending.
  <br>
  <br>
o Spoken with Justin re dealers room.
  <br>
  <br>
o Guitar organised.
  <br>
  <br>
o Couple of memberships via PO Box.
  <br>
  <br>
o Aloison membership sorted itself out.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Haven't confirmed money transferred yet.
  <br>
  <br>
o Audit happening this weekend, all going on track.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to confirm transaction with bank on Monday / Tuesday.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Program is almost confirmed.
  <br>
  <br>
o Grant Stone confirmed for a couple of panels. 
  <br>
  <br>
o Pocket program is done.
  <br>
  <br>
o Program book being worked on.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to confirm with Brian Choo that his artwork can be used
  <br>
	on Program book.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR4:
  <br>
  <br>
o Tin Duck nominations closed.
  <br>
  <br>
o Membership Door prices / Dinner Blurb / Final Program / Pizza Night.
  <br>
  <br>
o Advertising.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to collate PR4 tonight.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to put on website.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Supplies:
  <br>
  <br>
o Ghoti to acquire FAL card.
  <br>
  <br>
o Elaine to purchase coffee, sugar, cups, spoons, tea, plastic bowls.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to send details of Charles DeLint coffee to Danny to get
  <br>
	posted.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to email Charles re beer / coffee.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to supply coffee machine.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Nominations received for multiple entrants in five categories.
  <br>
  <br>
o Three categories with only one nominee.
  <br>
  <br>
o Commitee decided to Re-group nominees into applicable categories.
  <br>
  <br>
o Categories will be:
  <br>
	Fan Fiction
  <br>
	Professional Fiction
  <br>
	Fan Production
  <br>
	Professional Production
  <br>
	Art
  <br>
	Non Fiction
  <br>
  <br>
o Artwork looks like it will just be a solid outline. Working on
  <br>
  simplifying it.
  <br>
  <br>
o Have enough parchment for certificates - no further parchment
  <br>
  required.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg ongoing correspondance with Gary re art.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Tori to simplify artwork to B&amp;W and email list.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to remove Tin Duck nomination from web site.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
o Spoken to Chris re UNISFA.
  <br>
  <br>
o Spoken to Ju re Fandomedia.
  <br>
  <br>
o Emailed Danny re Continuum.
  <br>
  <br>
o Emailed Donna re Conflux.
  <br>
  <br>
o Emailed Jay re Conclave.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Posters / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
o Have a laminator.
  <br>
  <br>
o Posters in Angus &amp; Robertsons and Dymocks.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to power up laminator and test on Alistair.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk or Tori to take a couple of Swancon posters to Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
o Just broken 200 memberships.
  <br>
  <br>
o Door price - $50 per day. $130 full membership. Monday free with day
  <br>
  membership.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Steveg to put membership counter / breakdown.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to email NZ folk a letter stating $75 membership at
  <br>
	   the door.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: prk to update website - receipt books withdrawn end of this
  <br>
	   week.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Dinner with Charles de Lint:
  <br>
  <br>
o Web page / list updated.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurer's Report:
  <br>
  <br>
o Picked up cheque from tactics.
  <br>
  <br>
o Nothing else to report.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Equipment List:
  <br>
  <br>
o prk collating.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK to continue collating.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Sound Engineer:
  <br>
  <br>
o Require Sound Engineer for Masquerade / Concert.
  <br>
  <br>
o Mike O'Brien unavailable.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to speak with Mike and find out what we need. 
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
o Nothing new.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Masquerade:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to acquire costing for Helium Balloons.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine / SDedman to speak with Dave Cake re equipment pricing
  <br>
	for Masquerade.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Day Managers / Gophers:
  <br>
  <br>
o Tara Smith will Day Manage Saturday.
  <br>
  <br>
o Waiting for a reply as to Sunday.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to follow up.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
First Aid:
  <br>
  <br>
o Waiting on Craig's phone number for list.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Video Equipment:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Cathy emailing academic presenters for equipment list.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Need to arrange a couple of whiteboards &amp; easels / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to speak with Ken re projector availability.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Art Show:
  <br>
  <br>
o Panels all being sorted.
  <br>
  <br>
o They deliver and set up.
  <br>
  <br>
o $520 for art panels - 17 of them.  15 on Art show, 2 on desk.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Hotel Liason:
  <br>
  <br>
o People have to wear shoes.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to follow up with Hotel re Broadband pricing.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Short Story Competition:
  <br>
  <br>
o Cath Ortlieb emailed re prize money - no reply yet.
  <br>
  <br>
o All submissions have closed, judges are reviewing.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Follow up with Cath re prize money.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
EFTPOS:
  <br>
  <br>
o Papers signed for EFTPOS machine.
  <br>
  <br>
o WASFF control the account it goes into.
  <br>
  <br>
o Once machine received, will put transaction through to confirm.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
T-Shirts:
  <br>
  <br>
o Less than a hundred t-shirts - 55 + pre-orders.
  <br>
  <br>
o 5*M, 20*L, 20*XL, 10*XXL. 5 of the L and XL in grey, rest in black.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: SteveG to put order in for shirts.
  <br>
  <br>
Pizza Dinner:
  <br>
  <br>
o Need update and coordination for Pizza Dinner.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to hit Alistair.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 17:30
  <br>
  <br>
Next Meeting:
  <br>
  <br>
3pm, 19th March at 165 Gibbs St, East Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
</body></html>

