<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
</head>

<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050122
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 14:10
  <br>
  <br>
Present: PRK, Tori, Steveg, Cathy, Elaine, SDedman.
  <br>
Apologies: Ghoti, Tiki, Alistair
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
o 1 Membership cheque given to Steveg.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to provide updated XXX minutes to WASFF.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: All to remind WASFF that we still don't have BPAY.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Web site updated with programming info.
  <br>
o Program is about three quarters full.
  <br>
o Academic Stream - 5 submissions so far. Call for submissions to go out
  <br>
  shortly. Looking good.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen to speak with Graham Mann &amp; Grant Stone re Academic
  <br>
	Paper.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen to prepare flier to be handed out at GhengisCon.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR2:
  <br>
  <br>
o RTF and PDF format now available. 
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK &amp; Tori to upload PR to website and notify Stephen.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Stephen spoken to Lily regarding sculptures.
  <br>
  <br>
o Wait until hear back from Lily, otherwise organise fallback next
  <br>
  meeting.
  <br>
  <br>
o Rowan volunteered to count votes.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen will speak to Rob at Ghengiscon re Administrator. Fall
  <br>
	back to Tara if required.
  <br>
  <br>
Action:	Elaine to get categories for Tin Ducks to be put on website /
  <br>
	LJ. 
  <br>
  <br>
NFic Writing Fan
  <br>
Fic  Writing Fan
  <br>
NFic Writing Pro
  <br>
Fic  Writing Pro
  <br>
Art Fan
  <br>
Art Pro
  <br>
Production Fan
  <br>
Production Pro
  <br>
  <br>
Collapse to 6 for voting.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
Sent out six letters so far (Angus Robertson / Dymocks / Matsuri /
  <br>
Croison Express / Coke / Colgate) no reply yet. List includes McDs, HJs,
  <br>
KFC, Bunnings, Subway.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Letters to be sent to others on list.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Poster / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
Stephen spoke with Brian, he'll do badge design.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Tori to speak to Iggy about poster design.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Short Story Competition:
  <br>
  <br>
Rules sent out to all applicable groups &amp; centres.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
Rough count at 150 currently.
  <br>
  <br>
Steveg to go to Tactics and UniSFA to get updated membership list.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Airfares:
  <br>
  <br>
Paid for. Came to about $600 under budget.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurer's Report:
  <br>
  <br>
$9,000 short of where we want to be to cover budget.
  <br>
$1,300 still locked away with SC 29. Ongoing with WASFF.
  <br>
$4,500 still in WASFF bank account. Ongoing with WASFF.
  <br>
  <br>
Currently on track with expected income from Huxters, memberships,
  <br>
T-Shirts, etc to meet budget.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
How is fund raising doing? Cheque from wine? Has over paid Swancon.
  <br>
Sarah and Steveg to get together and balance things out.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg and Sarah to get together.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 15:10.
  <br>
</div>


</body></html>

