<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
<title>minutesforwasff: Minutes - 20050226Open: 15:15Present: PR</title>
</head>


<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050226
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 15:15
  <br>
  <br>
Present: PRK, Tori, Elaine, SDedman, Ghoti, Alistair, Steveg
  <br>
Apologies: Tiki, 
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
o Email from Cheshire - can 2006 share EFTPOS facilities. Answer - Yes,
  <br>
  assuming we have EFTPOS.
  <br>
  <br>
o Memberships - passed to Steveg.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sorted out Demelza membership.
  <br>
  <br>
o Received Tin Duck artwork from Brian Choo.
  <br>
  <br>
o Revised label from Brian Choo.
  <br>
  <br>
o Membership query re Conflux.
  <br>
  <br>
o 17 kg of Harper Collins sample chapters.
  <br>
  <br>
o Tourism pamphlets.
  <br>
  <br>
o Various programming correspondence.
  <br>
  <br>
o Conversation with Charles and Marianne re dinner / sound gear / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
o Query re advertising in program book on swancon list.
  <br>
  <br>
o Queries re events - art show / day memberships / short story
  <br>
  competition / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
o Channel 7 Premiering Stargate Atlantis.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action - Sdedman Fliers to Supernova - will be done this week.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Still not happy with WASFF. 
  <br>
  <br>
o Will raise all WASFF issues with WASFF at the AGM.
  <br>
  <br>
o Elaine sent email to WASFF expressing extreme unhappiness.
  <br>
  <br>
o WASFF haven't arranged audit time yet. If not this week, will not be
  <br>
  until after the con.
  <br>
  <br>
o Fund raising suggestion to make up for lack of BPay facilities -
  <br>
  auction to pie WASFF committee as well as committee.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Steveg continue correspondence with Rohan - ongoing.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Steveg to arrange time for audit - ongoing.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Programming coming together, 57 participants. Noone on more than 6
  <br>
  panels.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR3:
  <br>
  <br>
PR3 is on web page and printed copies given to Elaine to send out.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR4:
  <br>
  <br>
o Tin Duck ballot needs to go in PR4.
  <br>
  <br>
o Advertising.
  <br>
  <br>
o Waiting until about March 12th (after Tin Duck nominations).
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Artwork from Brian Choo received by Elaine.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to forward artwork to list.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to forward artwork to Gary.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to check out Officeworks / Jacksons for certificate
  <br>
	   parchments.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: prk to update website with Tin Duck info and link to email
  <br>
	   swancon30@westnet.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
o 500 vouchers from Jesters due in.
  <br>
  <br>
o Still waiting to hear from Dymocks.
  <br>
  <br>
o Will hit JB / Dymocks just before con if required for bags.
  <br>
  <br>
o No from Allison re conbags from her shop.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Posters / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
o Posters been given to SDedman / Elaine.
  <br>
  <br>
o Revised badge design received.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to photocopy posters and distribute to people to hang
  <br>
up.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
o Website updated with remaining memberships.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sold about 175 memberships.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Steveg to put membership counter / breakdown.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to email NZ folk a letter stating $75 membership at
  <br>
	   the door.
  <br>
  <br>
Action:	prk to update website again.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Dinner with Charles de Lint:
  <br>
  <br>
o Moved to Tuesday.
  <br>
  <br>
Action:	prk to update website - dinner moved to Tuesday. Email list as
  <br>
well.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurers Report:
  <br>
  <br>
o Nothing new to report.
  <br>
  <br>
o Triage of expenses available by next week.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
o Nothing new.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Masquerade:
  <br>
  <br>
o No reply from Mike O'Brien. 
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to follow up wiht Mike O'Brien re sound setup / DJing.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Day Managers / Gophers:
  <br>
  <br>
o Alistair is collating information on who's volunteered, etc.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
First Aid:
  <br>
  <br>
o Craig qualified First Aider as well. Will bring first aid kit.
  <br>
  <br>
o Steveg has first aid kit. 
  <br>
  <br>
o prk has first aid kit.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: SDedman or Elaine to purchase pre-paid mobiles for con.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Video Equipment:
  <br>
  <br>
o Hire video camera to record and play main events in overflow room.
  <br>
  <br>
o Projectors for powerpoint presentations / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
o Minimum 2 projectors, preferably 4.
  <br>
  <br>
o Audio equipment - Craig can supply.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to speak with Ken re projector availability.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to find out cost (if any) of Broadband in hotel.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
T-Shirts:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to retrieve T-Shirt artwork.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SteveG to put order in for shirts.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 16:30
  <br>
  <br>
Next Meeting:
  <br>
  <br>
3pm, 5th March at 165 Gibbs St, East Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
</body></html>

