{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset77\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helvetica-Bold;}{\f184\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f185\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f187\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f188\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f189\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f190\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f191\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f192\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f224\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f225\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}
{\f227\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f228\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f229\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}{\f230\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}{\f231\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}
{\f232\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4471246\rsid5984977\rsid9976065\rsid15012475}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\title WASFF AGM Minutes 2004}{\author Wireless}{\operator Wireless}{\creatim\yr2004\mo5\dy11\hr21\min3}{\revtim\yr2004\mo5\dy11\hr21\min3}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords739}{\nofchars4217}
{\*\company NEC Computers International}{\nofcharsws4947}{\vern16437}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9976065 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f36\insrsid9976065 WASFF AGM Minutes 2004}{\f4\insrsid9976065 

\par 
\par Chair Rohan Wallace 
\par Secretary David Cake
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Meeting }{\b\f36\insrsid15012475 was }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Opened }{\b\f36\insrsid15012475 at }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 9:15 am}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15012475 {\f4\insrsid15012475 with a quorum present
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Consideration of the Minutes of the Previous Meeting}{\f4\insrsid9976065 .
\par 
\par Moved: that the minutes of the previous meeting}{\f4\insrsid15012475  be accepted as a true and accurate record}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par Moved Rachel Turner Seconded John Parker}{\f4\insrsid15012475 .  }{\f4\insrsid4471246 Motion carried.
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Matters Arising from the previous minutes}{\f4\insrsid9976065 .
\par 
\par The chair}{\f4\insrsid15012475 man}{\f4\insrsid9976065  reported that there was a vacancy on the board}{\f4\insrsid4471246  following the AGM last year}{\f4\insrsid9976065 , and the board appointed John Parker to fill the vacancy.
\par The chair reported that amendments made }{\f4\insrsid4471246 to the constitution last year }{\f4\insrsid9976065 had been filed with the Ministry of Fair Trading.
\par 
\par There was discussion of the mechanism by which GenghisCon became a partnership between WASFF and Genghis}{\f4\insrsid15012475  }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Con}{\f4\insrsid15012475 ventions Incorporated (G
CI).  The proposal was essentially for WASFF to enter into an agreement with GCI where WASFF runs the next GenghisCon through a subcommittee and the subcommittee appointed be the GCI committee.  Both organizations would provide half of the seed money each
 and receive half of the surplus/loss.}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par Moved that }{\f4\insrsid15012475 the proposal be accepted in principal and that the board to authorized to pursue the agreement.}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par Moved Rohan Wallace, Seconded MSquared.}{\f4\insrsid15012475  }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Carried Unanimously
\par 
\par The Chair reported that the board investigated the possibility of the separation of Swancon and}{\f4\insrsid15012475  the West Australian (Regional)}{\f4\insrsid9976065  Science Fiction Convention}{\f4\insrsid15012475 
 (WA(R)SFC).  The structure already exists for this to occur, but the likelihood of this occurring was low}{\f4\insrsid9976065  and found no action was necessary.
\par 
\par The Board investigated obtaining membership in WASFF separately to the membership of the WA(R)SFC. The Chair reported that the board}{\f4\insrsid15012475 \rquote }{\f4\insrsid9976065 
s recommendation was that a special category of membership for a half-day of the convention be made available.
\par 
\par The idea of a newsletter for WASFF was investigated. MSquared was delegat}{\f4\insrsid15012475 e}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
d this responsibility by the board. He reported no action was taken. Peter Kelly reported that some action was taken on the WASFF Red Book web site.
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Reports}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par 
\par Chairs Report.}{\f4\insrsid15012475 
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 There were 7 meetings during 
the year. The Chair reported on board attendance. The Chair reported on the Tin Duck sub-committee. John Parker reported some action on the Tin Ducks. There was also a grant to the Faster Than Light Radio Show. A second round of grants was waiting on atte
ndance by Grant Stone or Wolf from the FTL Radio Show.
\par 
\par Treasurers Report. 
\par A change was noted in the format of accounts on auditors advice. It was also noted that it was necessary to close the Buffy & Angel Con account. 
\par 
\par Administrators Report.}{\f4\insrsid15012475 
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 The }{\f4\insrsid15012475 Mark Bivens, the current }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Administrator was not seeking re-election. 
\par Motion That the meeting record its thanks to Mark Bivens for his years of service as administrator.
\par Moved Rachel Turner Seconded Peter Kelly, passed by acclamation.
\par 
\par Swancon 2003 Report.}{\f4\insrsid15012475 
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 A small surplus was made, it was hoped that everyone had a good convention.
\par 
\par Swancon 2004 Report.}{\f4\insrsid15012475 
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Running well, no determination of eventual financial state yet. The first time convention attendee ('Newbie') memberships seem to be a success.
\par 
\par Swancon 2005 Report.}{\f4\insrsid15012475 
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Convention launched, guest and site announced. Small surplus planned.
\par 
\par Moved that the meeting accept all the reports.
\par Moved John Pa}{\f4\insrsid15012475 rker Seconded Catherine De Croye. Motion carried}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par 
\par Appointment of an Auditor
\par }{\f4\insrsid15012475 I}{\f4\insrsid9976065 t was clarified that appointment of auditor is optional. Jenny Kelly volunteered that she is available to act as an auditor.
\par 
\par Motion that Jenny Kelly be accepted as an auditor subject to negotiation of a suitable fee with the board.
\par Moved Ruth Turner Seconded MSquared }{\f4\insrsid15012475 Motion }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Carried
\par 
\par Motion that the board investigate any requirements to be audited under the Associations and Corporations Act.
\par Moved Ruth Turner Seconded John Parker }{\f4\insrsid15012475 Motion }{\f4\insrsid9976065 Carried
\par 
\par }{\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Election to the Board}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par Six nominations were received for six vacancies. MSquared, Peter Kelly, David Cake, Joh}{\f4\insrsid15012475 n Parker, Ruth Turner, Cathy Cu}{\f4\insrsid9976065 pit}{\f4\insrsid15012475 t}{\f4\insrsid9976065  }{\f4\insrsid15012475 were }{
\f4\insrsid9976065 declared elected.
\par 
\par }{\b\f4\insrsid15012475 Appointment of the WA(R)SFC for 2006}{\b\f4\insrsid9976065\charrsid15012475 
\par }{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par Two bids received by the Chair
\par 
\par Renaissances, chaired by Ken McCaw, Ken McCaw spoke in support of the bid. Chris Creagh and John Robertson also introduced themselves, and their credentials as organisers.
\par 
\par Swancon 31 bid chaired by Russell Farr. Russell spoke in favour of the bid. Liz Grzyb, Chris Bobridge, and Tim McDougall also introduced themselves.
\par 
\par David Cake acted as returning officer. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15012475 {\f4\insrsid15012475 The returning offi
cer declared that the Ken McCaw Renaissances bid the successful bid to hold Swancon in 2006.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f36\insrsid9976065 General Business}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par 
\par John Parker discussed the Wastelands convention. Wastelands is to be held on October 9-10 at the Emerald Hotel. Currently has a budget, 3 guests
, and a draft program, and is applying to be run as a WASFF project. Tickets may be bought at the door as there will be no price rise for late purchase. 
\par 
\par Rachel Turner discussed the planned anime convention, which will be the first to be held in Western Australia. It is planned for December 4-5, and will be called WhyCon. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f36\insrsid9976065 Meeting closed 10:31}{\f4\insrsid9976065 
\par }}