{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f4\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f76\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f77\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}{\f79\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f80\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}
{\f81\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}{\f82\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}{\f83\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}{\f84\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7153603}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4219;}{\info
{\author Michael Dawson}{\operator Michael Dawson}{\creatim\yr2006\mo7\dy15\hr23\min48}{\revtim\yr2006\mo7\dy15\hr23\min50}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords277}{\nofchars1583}{\*\company Microsoft Corporation}{\nofcharsws1857}{\vern16469}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot7153603 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar
\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f4\insrsid7153603 Inconceivable Committee Meeting 19/06/2005
\par 
\par Present: Dave, Coman, Froggie, Tommo, April, Stephanie, Tina.
\par Absent: Erika (is sick and WEAK}{\f4\insrsid7153603 ), Paul}{\f4\insrsid7153603 
\par }{\f4\insrsid7153603 
\par }{\f4\insrsid7153603 Agenda:
\par Lack of Natcon
\par General Business
\par 
\par Sekrit Agenda:
\par Meeting Minutes
\par Location
\par Guests
\par Tshirts
\par Other
\par 
\par Meeting Opened 17:05
\par }{\f4\insrsid7153603 
\par }{\f4\insrsid7153603 The Natcon Bid That Wasn't
\par 
\par Bid withdrawn at business meeting. VicSF wanted to run Natcon over the Queen's Birthday weekend so we pulled out as were guaranteed Easter.  We gave Dave $170 for nibblies for party (which they had anyway), but he di
dn't get a receipt for the alcohol, but Firebird says this isn't a problem.
\par Thank you to Candice for dragging herself out of bed to go to the business meeting after a very late night just to withdraw the bid, and thanks to Dave for spending our money, wearing a shirt and selling a membership.
\par 
\par General Business
\par April has been having regular meetings with Matt - treasurer stuff is coming along.
\par Next Meeting is 17th of July.
\par 
\par Sekrit Agenda:
\par Send minutes to committee list for editing, edit minutes to msquared@msquared.id.au - official submission to WASFF.
\par 
\par Location:
\par Hilton: no go
\par Kings: 19000 to hire out function rooms
\par Acacia: need to go and have a look sometime this week - no pricing yet. Tuesday maybe? Erika will organise.
\par 
\par Guests:
\par Now we have a date, Dave has sent off a whole bunch of emails, nothing back yet but the Orlando Bloom via webcast pipedream is a no go.
\par Matthew Reilly? As is Australian.
\par 
\par T-shirts
\par We have two t-shirts left from the collection that were going to be sold (one is an M, one is an S). Sold for $15. We might auction them off as 'limited edition shirts' or something.
\par 
\par Other:
\par everyone needs to email contact details to committee list. either froggie or stephanie will fwd all details to msquared.
\par Scheduling not due for three or four months. We will start thinking about it next meeting.
\par 
\par Meeting Closed 17:38}{\insrsid7153603 
\par }}