<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
<title>minutesforwasff: Minutes - 20050205Open: 15:50Present: PR</title>
  
</head>


<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050205
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 15:50
  <br>
  <br>
Present: PRK, Tori, Steveg, Cathy, Elaine, SDedman, Ghoti, Alistair,
  <br>
Sarah
  <br>
Apologies: Craig, Tiki 
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
o 3 replies re letters for sponsoring showbags. No from Colgate /
  <br>
  Palmolive, Contact local branch for Maccas, Drinks vouchers from HJs.
  <br>
  <br>
o Wine Fundraising &amp; Membership money given to Steveg.
  <br>
  <br>
o Email from Huxters, Steveg replying.
  <br>
  <br>
o Email from Danny, Supernova unaware of Swancon.
  <br>
  <br>
o Emails from people volunteering for programming items or to help.
  <br>
  <br>
o Emails from people trying to book hotel. Online won't work, says it's
  <br>
  fully booked due to our block booking.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen to email flier to PRK by Sunday Feb 6th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK to print out single flier by Sunday Feb 13th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen to arrange fliers to Supernova by Sunday Feb 20th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to follow up with Emerald re booking status by Tues Feb
  <br>
	8th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: PRK to update web page re accomodation booking by Sunday Feb
  <br>
6th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to follow up re Entertainment Card by Tuesday Feb 8th.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o WASFF are having books audited. Have requested that all receipts,
  <br>
cheque
  <br>
  books, bank deposit slips, any records etc, be given to auditor.
  <br>
  <br>
o Still havn't heard from WASFF regarding outstanding money - $6,300. 
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to follow up with WASFF in writing, again.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to notify Ruth that there's no chance of them getting all
  <br>
	the records this close to the con. Records will be available
  <br>
	after the con.
  <br>
  <br>
Action CF: Elaine to send XXX Minutes to WASFF. 
  <br>
  <br>
Action CF: Remind WASFF we still don't have BPAY.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Stephen spoke to Graham Mann &amp; Grant Stone. Papers / volunteering
  <br>
  forthcoming.
  <br>
  <br>
o Awaiting to hear from Tess Williams and Glenda Larke.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sean Williams unable to attend.
  <br>
  <br>
o Fliers were handed out at Ghengiscon.
  <br>
  <br>
o Mark Bivens will run the Tin Ducks.
  <br>
  <br>
o Query regarding launch time for Swancon 31?  Currently set to 1pm
  <br>
  Monday Afternoon.
  <br>
  <br>
o Breakfast of Champions will be going ahead - Danny to bring cereals
  <br>
  from Melbourne.
  <br>
  <br>
o From next programming meeting, will begin cutting out events with low
  <br>
  support.
  <br>
  <br>
o Suggestion to run Pizza night as a picnic outside the hotel.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sarah to check with 31 committee to confirm appropriate time.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen doing up more detailed programming meeting by Sunday Feb
  <br>
	13th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Alistair to coordinate Pizza on Friday.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR2:
  <br>
  <br>
o Website was updated with PR2. Emails sent out. Bounce backs being
  <br>
  trimmed from the list.
  <br>
  <br>
o Everyone recognises Elaine's magnificence in handling the posting of
  <br>
  PRs
  <br>
  <br>
o 20 Hard Copies given to Elaine, she'll post them.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to update list and forward details to SteveG.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to post hard copies by Monday.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR3:
  <br>
  <br>
o Needs to be sent out with nomination form.
  <br>
  <br>
o Draft Program &amp; Tin Ducks Nomination form.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Mark Bevins running the Tin Ducks.
  <br>
  <br>
o Rowan counting votes.
  <br>
  <br>
o Still haven't heard back from Lily. No-one knows Tamara well enough.
  <br>
  Stephen knows someone who does sand blasting.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Stephen to email content to Steveg by Sunday Feb 6th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to put CGI form on website for Nominations by Wednesday
  <br>
	Feb 9th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to put Nominations on LJ once they're on website.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SteveG to approach Gary regarding stone blasted plaques.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
o Covered as correspondance. Letters still going out and being received.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Posters / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
o Badge designs submitted.
  <br>
  <br>
o Tori spoke with Iggy, he's interested in doing the posters. 
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Committee to review submitted badge designs.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Tori to do up poster design and email to committee by Monday Feb
  <br>
7th.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to email Sarah, find out how many posters done
  <br>
	previously, and where.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
o Rough count at 155 currently.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SteveG to to Tactics and get updated membership list.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurers Report:
  <br>
  <br>
o No changes since last time, no new cheques or bills.
  <br>
  <br>
o Haven't made as much membership money as expected, but with price rise
  <br>
  it's balancing out.
  <br>
  <br>
o Have spent less than we expected.
  <br>
  <br>
o Fund raising has been above budget.
  <br>
  <br>
o Overall, ahead of budget, assuming we can recover money from WASFF.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
o Cheques given to SteveG for fundraising.
  <br>
  <br>
o Haven't been to Sado Island to review it.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sarah will be attending Sado Island to review.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 17:05.
  <br>
  <br>
Next Meeting:
  <br>
  <br>
3pm, 12th Feb at 165 Gibbs St, East Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
</body></html>

