<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>
<title>minutesforwasff: Minutes - 20050319Open: 15:25Present: pr</title>
</head>


<body>
  
<div>
  <br>
  <br>
Minutes - 20050319
  <br>
  <br>
Open: 15:25
  <br>
  <br>
Present: prk, Tori, SDedman, Steveg, Elaine, Sarah
  <br>
Apologies: Tiki, Cathy, Alistair, Craig, Ghoti
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Correspondence Received:
  <br>
  <br>
o Three memberships by mail.
  <br>
  <br>
o Craig McBride definitely interested in Pizza Night.
  <br>
  <br>
o Cecelia Dart Thornton thing been sorted out.
  <br>
  <br>
o Madman fliers, Jesters stuff, Pan McMillan stuff, all arrived.
  <br>
  <br>
o Universal Pictures are couriering War of the Worlds Trailer 4pm Thu.
  <br>
  <br>
o Email from Jody at Emerald re setup for rooms.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
WASFF Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Substantial amount of money received in bank account - presumably the
  <br>
  money owing.
  <br>
  <br>
o Confirmed account details are correct.
  <br>
  <br>
o Paperwork for EFTPOS terminal sorted out.
  <br>
  <br>
o Audit successfully completed.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Programming Update:
  <br>
  <br>
o Program Book nearly finished - waiting for item blurbs.
  <br>
				 waiting for guest Bios.
  <br>
  <br>
o M2 contacted us re page for WASFF in Program Book.
  <br>
  <br>
o Colin Sharpe will do layout.
  <br>
  <br>
o Pocket program is still mutating - final by tomorrow.
  <br>
  <br>
o Brian's artwork is fine for the Program Book.
  <br>
  <br>
o Brian confirmed cut down artwork is fine for Tin Ducks.
  <br>
  <br>
o Bar opening times and lunch details available to go into Programming
  <br>
  Book.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to get Program Book cover card from Officeworks.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to update blurb for fannish taste test.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
PR4:
  <br>
  <br>
o PR4 was put on the website and emailed out.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sarah to email PR to Mikolaj.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Supplies:
  <br>
  <br>
o Charles is bringing his own coffee, we'll reimburse him.
  <br>
  <br>
o Have purchased beer for Charles.
  <br>
  <br>
o Have purchased tea and coffee stuff.
  <br>
  <br>
o Artline texta for people to lable cups.
  <br>
  <br>
o Couple of boxes of chocolates for thankyou gifts.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: prk to supply coffee machine.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Prizes:
  <br>
  <br>
o Art show donated by Lisa.
  <br>
  <br>
o Short Story prizes covered by Aus SF.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Tori to speak to Empire / Tactics re prizes. 
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Committee to speak with 31 committee re membership prizes.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Tin Ducks:
  <br>
  <br>
o Corrected voting forms have gone out.
  <br>
  <br>
o Artwork was simplified and emailed out.
  <br>
  <br>
o 100 forms to be printed out and made available.
  <br>
  <br>
o Gary is dropping over sample this weekend.
  <br>
  <br>
o Tin duck nomination info removed from web site.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to view sample and go ahead and get plaques organised.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine dry transfer lectra set labels.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Con Bags:
  <br>
  <br>
o Most vendor fliers / freebies have arrived.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to speak to Tactics re con bags.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to hunt bags if Tactics not available.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to let list know on Monday re bags for stuffing.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Posters / Badges:
  <br>
  <br>
o Different colours for Memberships.
  <br>
  <br>
o Full Membership - White ?
  <br>
o Guest - 
  <br>
o Committee - 
  <br>
o Day memberships - Four colours.
  <br>
o Under 18s - Put star on.
  <br>
o Under 12s - Put two stars on.
  <br>
  <br>
o No room for posters at Cannington.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to power up laminator and test on Alistair.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to hunt through WASFF boxes for stars / paper / etc.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to provide paper &amp; stars to Sarah by WASFF meeting.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg &amp; Elaine to go to Office Works and get supplies.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to email Sarah membership list.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to provide laminator &amp; pouches to Sarah.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Memberships:
  <br>
  <br>
o Current tally is at just over 220.
  <br>
  <br>
o UNISFA and Tactics have been informed not to sell anymore.
  <br>
  <br>
o No more memberships to be sold by committee or anyone except Steveg.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to update website re memberships. 
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: Elaine to email NZ folk a letter stating $75 membership at
  <br>
	   the door.
  <br>
  <br>
CF Action: prk to update website - receipt books withdrawn end of this
  <br>
	   week.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Dinner with Charles de Lint:
  <br>
  <br>
o 23 tickets sold, money collected for about half.
  <br>
  <br>
o Sarah to confirm with Restaurant on Monday / Tuesday.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sarah to email list this weekend with final reminder.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Treasurer's Report:
  <br>
  <br>
o Books have been updated as of last Tuesday.
  <br>
  <br>
o Core expenses are covered.
  <br>
  <br>
o Equipment costs aren't confirmed yet.
  <br>
  <br>
o Any expenditure needs to be cleared by Steveg.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Equipment List:
  <br>
  <br>
o Initial list is collated.
  <br>
  <br>
o SDedman to check archive for David Cake's requirements.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to check with Hotel re microphones.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Sound Engineer:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine following up on quote with Gearhouse.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Fund Raising:
  <br>
  <br>
o Sarah's chocolate money handed over.
  <br>
  <br>
o Elaine's chocolate money handed over.
  <br>
  <br>
o $85 worth of chocolate given to prk.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Masquerade:
  <br>
  <br>
o Balloons at $100 for 100 balloons.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to speak with Dave Cake re equipment pricing for
  <br>
	Masquerade.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Day Managers / Gophers:
  <br>
  <br>
o Still noone for Sunday.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: SDedman to follow up, or committee handle.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
First Aid:
  <br>
  <br>
o Phone list sent out.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Art Show:
  <br>
  <br>
o Tiki has artshow in hand.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Hotel Liason:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to confirm hotel is providing milk.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to contact hotel re urn for tea / coffee.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to contact hotel re equipment marked for hotel.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine to arrange phone line for EFTPOS.
  <br>
  <br>
Short Story Competition:
  <br>
  <br>
o Stories have been judged, 1st, 2nd and 3rd prizes awarded, along with
  <br>
  a couple of commendments.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sdedman following up with Cath re prize money.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
EFTPOS:
  <br>
  <br>
o All arranged. 
  <br>
  <br>
o Machine arrives on Tuesday.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
T-Shirts:
  <br>
  <br>
o Order has gone in.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Steveg to liaise with Elaine re collecting T-Shirts.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Pizza Dinner:
  <br>
  <br>
o Alistair has organised good deal with Pizza Haven.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Elaine / Steveg to acquire raffle ticket books.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Closing ceremony:
  <br>
  <br>
o Thanks to people for equipment.
  <br>
  <br>
o Prizes for various things.
  <br>
  <br>
o Playing various videos.
  <br>
  <br>
o Speeches, etc.
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
Kids Program:
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sdedman to coordinate equipment requirements with Children's
  <br>
	Programmer.
  <br>
  <br>
Action: Sdedman to obtain bunyip colouring in thing.
  <br>
  <br>
Close at 18:05
  <br>
  <br>
</div>
</body></html>

